Egypt Economic success hailed by international entities

Egyptian economy has achieved a progress that was hailed by many international entities
Last week، a senior official from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) hailed Egypt's economic reform program، describing the country as one of the leading investment magnets in the region.
Jihad Azour، director of the Middle East and Central Asia Department at the IMF، said the recent economic and legislative reform measures implemented by Egypt has made it a favorite destination for investment despite economic challenges facing world economy.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim also lauded the progress Egypt has made on its economic reform program during a meeting with President El Sis. Kim reiterated the bank’s support for the remainder of Egypt’s program and discussed ways to attract fresh foreign investment and create more private sector jobs.
The famous British magazine The Economist also wrote about the progress & success of Egypt economic reforms in an article entitled " Egypt economy shows a sigh of life"
The magazine said that there are signs that president Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi is starting to put Egypt back on a more sensible economic track.
In order to obtain a $12bn loan from the IMF last year، his government has raised the price of subsidised fuel and electricity، brought in new taxes and allowed the Egyptian pound to float. Though the medicine was bitter، it seems to have been just what was needed to lure foreign investors back into the Egyptian market. A sale of $4bn-worth of government bonds in January was more than three times oversubscribed، and foreign purchases of Egyptian treasury notes doubled in the same month. This appetite for investing in Egypt is a clear sign of growing confidence in the Egyptian economy.
That change in mood is also felt by Egyptians working abroad. Remittances، which accounted for as much as 7% of GDP in 2012، slumped by a fifth last year، but since the currency has floated، remittances are rising once more.